[DOC] ML-Commons Agent: Add documentation for PlanExecuteAndReflect Agent (#9743)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tutorials/gen-ai/agents/build-plan-execute-reflect-agent.md

  - Limit the number of tools configured in an agent.
  - Provide clear, specific descriptions for each tool.
  - Ensure the agent has access to all necessary tools for the task.
  - Include relevant context about your cluster in the prompt; for example, `Can you identify the error in my cluster by analyzing the "spans" and "logs" indexes?`

- **Configure retries**: LLM calls can occasionally fail. Set up retries to improve reliability. For more information, see the `client_config` parameter in [Configuration parameters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters).

To test the agent, run it using the [Execute Agent API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/agent-apis/execute-agent/). Because this agent performs long-running tasks, we recommend running it asynchronously to avoid timeouts. Use the `async=true` query parameter to run the agent as separate task:

```json
POST _plugins/_ml/agents/your_agent_id/_execute?async=true
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "How many flights from Beijing to Seattle?"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Note the `task_id` and `memory_id` in the response. You’ll use these to track progress and view results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the `task_id` and `memory_id` in the response. You'll use these to track progress and view results.
```

2. Flights to Seattle from other origins exist in the dataset

This confirmed that both cities are represented in the data, but no flights connect them directly.

## Key Findings
- Beijing appears as an origin city in the dataset, with flights to destinations including Warsaw, Pittsburgh, Xi'an, Vienna, and Chicago/Rockford
- Seattle appears as both origin and destination in the dataset, with connections to cities like Vienna, Istanbul, New Orleans, St Louis, and Treviso
- The dataset contains 0 flights from Beijing to Seattle

## Conclusion
Based on a comprehensive search of the OpenSearch flight sample dataset, there are 0 flights from Beijing to Seattle in this dataset. While both cities appear in the dataset with connections to other locations, this specific route is not represented in the sample data."""
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

The agent execution response includes several key fields:

- `memory_id`: The ID of the memory that stores all messages exchanged between the `plan_execute_and_reflect` agent and the LLM.
- `parent_interaction_id`: The `message_id` of the parent message that initiated the conversation in the planning agent.

> - `executor_agent_memory_id`: The ID of the memory that stores messages between the internal executor agent and the LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `executor_agent_memory_id`: The ID of the memory that stores messages exchanged between the internal executor agent and the LLM.
```

- `executor_agent_parent_interaction_id`: The `message_id` of the parent message in the executor agent's conversation.
- `response`: The final result produced by the agent after all steps are executed.

To inspect the message history of the agent, use the Get Memory API:

```json
GET _plugins/_ml/memory/your_memory_id/messages
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Note the `message_id` of the relevant message and use it to fetch the step-by-step execution trace:

```json
GET _plugins/_ml/memory/message/your_message_id/traces
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information, see the [Get Message Traces API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/get-message-traces/).

### Test conversational memory

To continue the same conversation, specify the conversation's `memory_id` when executing the agent. Previous messages are extracted and provided as context to the model. Use the `memory_id` of the planner agent to continue a conversation:

```json
POST _plugins/_ml/agents/your_agent_id/_execute?async=true
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "your_question",
    "memory_id": "your_memory_id",
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Next steps

> - For information about using other models, see [Supported LLMs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/plan-execute-reflect/#supported-llms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For information about using other models, see [Supported LLMs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/plan-execute-reflect/#supported-llms).
```

> - For information about creating agents with custom prompts, see [Modifying default prompts]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/plan-execute-reflect/#modifying-default-prompts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For information about creating agents with custom prompts, see [Modifying default prompts]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/plan-execute-reflect/#modifying-default-prompts).
```

    Since the `llm_interface` only sets defines defaults. You can setup function calling for any model by populating the internal `parameters`. For more information, please see [Function Calling Defaults](#Function-calling-defaults)
    - `max_steps`: Control the max number of steps executed by the agent.
    - `executor_agent_id`: This agent internally uses a `conversational` agent to execute each step. An executor agent is created by default using the same model. However, you can create and pass your own agent via this field. This can be useful if you wish to use different models for planning and execution.
- `memory`: Defines how to store messages. Currently, OpenSearch only supports the `conversation_index` memory, which stores messages in a memory index.
- Tools: 
   - An LLM will reason to decide which tool to run and will prepare the tool's input. 
   - By default, the tool's `name` is the same as the tool's `type`, and each tool has a default description. You can override the tool's `name` and `description`.
   - Each tool in the `tools` list must have a unique name. Each tool has a custom description so that the LLM can easily understand what the tool does.

>    - Each tool must be accompanied by an `attributes` field used to define the expected `input_schema` of the tool. 

Reviewer 2: Explain that `input_schema` is defined with json schema, add json schema link https://json-schema.org/

- `executor_agent_memory_id`: Contains the messages between the executor agent and the LLM
- `executor_agent_parent_interaction_id`: Contains the message_id that was the parent message in the executor agent
- `response`: Contains the final result of the Agent

Query the memory index to fetch messages:
```json
GET _plugins/_ml/memory/your_memory_id/messages
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Note the message ID to fetch traces:
```json
GET /_plugins/_ml/memory/message/your_message_id/traces
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information, obtain trace data by calling the [Get Message Traces API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/get-message-traces/)

#### Test conversational memory

To continue the same conversation, specify the conversation's `memory_id` when executing the agent. Previous messages are extracted and provided as context to the model.
Note: Use `memory_id` of the planner agent to continue a conversation. 
```json
POST _plugins/_ml/agents/your_agent_id/_execute?async=true
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "your_question",
    "memory_id": "your_memory_id",
  }
}
```

## Step 4 (Optional): Create agent with custom prompts

> Default prompts for the Plan, Execute and Reflect Agent. These can be modified by providing the prompts during agent registration as part of parameters or modifed on the fly during the agent execution. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Plan-Execute-Reflect Agent has default prompts. But these can be customized by providing the prompts during agent registration as part of parameters or modifed on the fly during the agent execution. 
```

Reviewer 3: @ylwu-amzn Normally, we use lowercase to describe agent types. Is "plan-execute-reflect" the official agent name? We're using "plan, execute, and reflect" currently.

Reviewer 2: Yes, plan-execute-reflect is official name

Reviewer 3: Thanks, updated.

> Planner Prompt Template: Template used to ask the LLM to come up with a plan for the given task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`planner_prompt_template`: Template used to ask the LLM to come up with a plan for the given task
```
